ni# Graphics-Byond-cell-shading-potorealism

Guys ! I will be please if I succeed to create another field of graphics ! Nothing done at the moment. I will be pleased to contribute to computer graphics again. As I never promise anything to anybody, I surely have freelancers who work with me and we will work hard to finish this one. Recently, I finished another repository readme with formulas which can be used directly in computer science. Then, for this case, this is beyond cell shading, photorealism, non photorealism ! I cannot accept to let me thoughts with only few steps to have a happy life. I will contact my freelacners today 2024-09-22 to create immediately a file to let you think about it. May I say that today I totally dropped subconsciousness and consciensoussness and let them in peace ! I rejected old freud and yung works because My soul or my spirit holds a secret now. I hope you don't thing I'm crazy ! I shared the mechanical steps in facebook. This is a danse for first mankind in earth.
hi guys my freela'cers didnt have tipe but thanks to my long time ago reserached, i think that a formula that encapsulate duper energy termd can help us. as you may know in physics we need time to test time. this is not a model yet nor models. this is a feeling at the moment. i hope that it means nothing in other physics area. then i did domething that id not z weapln zgain ! zhahaha ! I hope to  find those stuffs and other very old stuffs I did but unfortunately, I don't know where I hided them. The older thing I remember is that I used mathematical properties in computer science to get smart outputs but this is AI at the moment. How can we turn Ai to physics ? Take my advices now and let's find a github repository that deals with AI for physics although I didn't find anything myself. Don't forget that this is not machine learning for physic. For example, this is not bioinformatics used in medecine ! Looking forward to let my old researches in economy to be used in physics. Hummm, what can it be ??? There must be a way to link turkish money inflation to something ! I can produce a formula now : reject finance field formulas because it can used in military purpose ! 
Plus, I remembered an old film : if we go to another planet and awake in earth. The wake up involving to see sands in some wallet. Wondering where is the ground. A planet that kept track on us in the real world. This can written as a momentum that is different from the film cube 2 hypercube ! Something like that ! Sorry, maybe I'm crazy since a was a baby but thhis time, again, it resists time. This is an esquisse. So, what resisted time that lead us to speak about momentum term ? We can mix momentum term with what I saw in my childhood that is an empty planet with a witcher because forces acts to us as I noticed in my philosophy researches. Then, the witcher is not the chaos nor chess theroeis but the energy of the sun. Sorry again, I'm completely crazy. This one was a dream. I had other dreams like my house family that died. As my philosophy resdearches are greats, this makes sense. Notice that I can use all that I remember in the futur for multiple purposes but I have to work on philosophy now ! huummm, I have to transform my philosophy researches to clamp to existence. This will leads us to an older version of my last speaking ! Something that first mankind can design. So, we won't have to use a very old model in other hlsl files ! I can design such models immediately : something more recent than navier stokes equations !
May I warn you that there already is impossible materials in existing computer graphics topics ! unfortunately, i think i dropped my researches for duper energy. thats a shame to drop such complex tools 

there is also a pdf or more dealing with infinite materials or infinite textures for svbrdf material. let me find one of them  it is old.
